Scott:  I always wear my hearing aids.
Unless I want to quickly end
an argument or something.
Then I turn them off
and I don't hear anything.
So I win no matter what.
[music plays]
Anne: And I was at my grandparents’ house
and I was going down the stairs in the dark
and I was shuffling with my feet
to feel where I was going.
My parents were like, “Shhh...”
you know, and they knew.
Fatou: Something just wasn't right.
I realize all of a sudden that I'm missing
passes and I keep dropping the ball.
It wasn't until later that my older sister
explained to me what DeafBlindness was.
[music plays]
Sarah: I really struggled in the beginning
with my Deaf identity
because I felt like
I was never hearing enough,
yet I was never deaf enough.
Carl: DeafBlind people put both blind
people and deaf people in a conundrum
because we as DeafBlind people have both things,
which neither one of them want.
[laughter]
Rebecca: If you’re deaf you rely
very heavily on your sight.
But when you're losing your vision
and you don't have hearing,
how do you process and take in the world?
[music plays]
Anne: My name is Anne Cantrill,
everyone calls me Annie.
Carl: My name is Carl Richardson.
Rebecca: I’m Rebecca Alexander.
Fatou: My name is Fatou Sankanu.
Sarah: My name is Sarah Morrison.
David: It’s David D’Arcangelo
I'm the commissioner of the Massachusetts
Commission for the Blind.
People with disabilities are everybody.
They’re our friends, they’re our family.
Disability is the story of us.
Fatou: If there's anything that strikes you
as funny, just ask us about it.
Be open minded.
The more you ask,
the more you'll understand.
Sarah: Being aware is different
than understanding
how you treat people with disabilities.
Carl: Everybody has obstacles to overcome,
mine are just more visible to people
to watch and observe.
But what sets people apart is how we
overcome and deal with them.
[music plays]